Alright, so what do we need?brace UI it back for the joint which we made We need a bon and a web UI.

What are all the first thing is for Ritik we need to have a small documentation on what funky we are already.

We already have. Right?

So this is Rthic Is this the latest up to date? .

Are you sure?

Yeah Ex So now that we have a packet, sorry, now that we have.

What, this kind of a thing was this step is to convert this whole thing into postgress scale format .

I am assuming from excel to post should not be a main thing, main problem.

So what I will say is to ensure that whatever you are about to write in Post G Works properly, you also need to write tests for these guides and Does that make sense?

Because when I have to write that test saying if I want to add a task, how it is adding the task, I need to verify it.

So whenever, let's say in update task, body only , we'll go and step by up.

Let's say you get you do start adding a task.

Weird respect of the back end, irrespect of the database, when you add a task and when you get tasks immediately after that, you should get the same list rate.

So you have to first write that functionality that when I add it as then I get when I'm getting the same expected list.

Then you'll test it out with XL back and then again you'll test it out with postcrus back.

This is how methodically you have to do this. Right?

So I said step one is converting into post gris, but step one is actually writing tasks.

Sorry, tests for Excel backon.

So that when you write postgress, which is step two, this will directly function.

Okay?

Then, once you have once you have confidence that postgress is working, I mean for the ti being, you can use any postg.

I believe.

Super base or something like that should be sufficient, right?

We don't need to set up anything in my opinion. .

Or do we have a different opinion?

Yeah.

But when it goes to back end, then we'll ensure it is our down data.

So while this is happening, we need to start discussing the user journey in the front end itself.

That is the main thing.

All right?

So I don't know how the screens are going to look like how many screens are there going to be, but we need to start this man saying each user.

So as a non developer, I will log on to Rthwik Prativammy.com with my email ID. .

And I should be able to check the tasks which you are assigned for and which you are assigned.

So that's something that we should agree on.

On a homepage.

Again, as what you are saying is, I should be able to check the task assigned to me and assigned to the user.

Do I need to check it by manually clicking some button?

Are those task already available on the front page?

They used to be a side.

Correct.

So when they are logging this, it's used just a list of new power there.

Okay.

When we click this, this is for detail for me.

This is detail which I task a sign for buy me.

Yeah.

So it will use list of tasks where the user can easily access. In the same page, we are seeing two tasks is very hard and very.

Sure.

So just to show some type of 526 pop up there and timing and all something, the screen is just as normal as a home screen with the functionality will goes on this sideb.

This way better than, okay.

So again, to summermarize, as a non developer, I should be able to log it to Rthik.com.

Rth.iv.com and I should be able to see side bar with tasks assigned to me.

Task areigned by me, basically just, basically Fourth icon on the side is dash I think three. You are saying on the homepage itself, I'll see the dashboard.

Starting will be the dashboard, as sent to me, as by me.

Okay.

Sure.

So I think we are all in agreement.

That is the case, so whether we'll use loveable or not, I will leave it to you.

I'm not this guy.

Or you can get one.

It is too simple, we can to it.

Monday ..

So because you already have the back and APS, we will do it this way then, let's just do a one-toone translation of what we have done so far on the UI. Without worrying about any additional features.

Theation now is talking about, I don't remember what other things he was he asking.

Soitional tasks from the UI itself can have to be a replicated to this board also.

So when we see the tasks in UI, if I have updated the task in the UFUI, so that must be updated on the task.

This bot also for notifications on.

Right, so what you are saying is I should get an email.

Is that what you mean?

Yeah, yeah, that's.

And that should be the base of the ratabase of both the data coming from the goes for BT and the webis has to be same .

That is the same back in that we are talking about.

Back end is the common thing for both the things.

So that only we can we can easily retrie the data from two sides of keeping is we need to the application.

Yes. The TV will be the same same for both.

For both and UIUI.

Yeah.

Like quizard, it's a one to one translation of whatever we are built. So far on the UA, correct?

Yeah.

So create a tasks, get tasks, the ablation of tasks, update tasks.

Only these three will be there.

Maybe because we are talking about dashboard, we can also say, how many tasks are pending on me on the front bridge ?

Yeah.

So if we click it, it will go to task assigned to me.. On the U, I can have that If I have a list of tasks assigned to me, I can always click on it and after five seconds, it can manage them. , that's.

Because it's a task manager, just showing the pop for five seconds and then closing and shing is the same size, which was initially.

I mean, if it is easy, only we' take it.

That's the Yeah.

So, with these as the features, let's create a PRD.RD.

PRD.

Let's create a requirements document..

Based on the requirements, you will create task list, and we'll start execut. 


Was this transcription useful or not useful?